Use Cases
=========

Web App Beaming
----------------

Using HTML5 and other web technologies, the capabilities and opportunity
are nearly limitless.

**Example:** Chromecast apps, which are essentially web apps, are good
examples of some possibilities of integrating Connect SDK.
`Click here`_ for a list of existing Chromecast apps .

.. _Click here: https://store.google.com/product/chromecast_apps

*Web App beaming is supported by Connect SDK v1.3 on webOS, Apple TV,
and Chromecast.*

Photo, Video & YouTube Beaming
-------------------------------

Integrate Connect SDK into any mobile app that contains a photo, a video
or YouTube video and give users the option to beam and view their
content on a larger, more social display for a more engaging experience.

**Example:** Trulia's mobile app shows homes for sale. Instead of
crowding over a screen or passing a phone around to view the homes with
friends and family, the user simply beams the photos directly to the
Smart TV screen allowing everyone in the room to share in the
experience.

**Example:** The Verge app embeds product reviews, interviews and
YouTube videos within their articles. With Connect SDK integrated in the
app, users could beam the content onto a Smart TV or TV set top box
sharing content with co-workers.

*YouTube beaming is supported by Connect SDK v1.3 on webOS, LG Smart TV
'13, LG Smart TV '12, Roku 3, Chromecast, Fire TV, and many DIAL
supporting devices.
Photo and Video beaming is supported by Connect SDK v1.3 on webOS, LG
Smart TV '13, LG Smart TV '12, Roku, Apple TV, and Chromecast.*

Promote Your TV App
--------------------

If you are going to invest in building a TV app, promote its
availability using your mobile app. Using Connect SDK, your mobile app
can detect if a specific device is on the same network and prompt the
user to install your app. If the user accepts, Connect SDK launches the
device's app store deep-linked to your specific app where the user can
complete the download and installation.

**Example:** Crunchyroll, a leading Japanese Anime and Asian media video
service, has a channel on Roku. By integrating Connect SDK, they could
detect a Roku device on the same network and promote their channel's
availability within their app.

*This use case is supported by Connect SDK v1.3 on webOS, LG Smart TV
'13, and Roku.*

Control Your TV App
--------------------

Own your user's experience by allowing users to control the TV app using
a mobile app. Everything from keyboard input, app navigation, even
logging-in can be made easier using your mobile app.

**Example:** Vudu could easily integrate keyboard and mouse control
allowing their users to select videos and enter credit card information
using Vudu mobile app. Vudu could even pass user credentials from the
mobile app to the TV app eliminating the need to login on the TV if the
user is already logged in on the mobile app.

Hybrid
-------

Of course, developers can provide different experience depending on each
platform. Some of the newer platforms like webOS and Chromecast offer
newer features
