Terms and Conditions
====================

Copyright / Website Information
-------------------------------

This website is owned and operated by Zenith Electronics LLC
("Zenith")through its LG Silicon Valley Lab Division. This website page
may contain proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of
which must be observed and followed. Users of the site may download or
print one copy of any and all materials on the site for personal,
non-commercial use, provided that they do not modify or alter the
materials in any way, nor delete or change any copyright or trademark
notice. All material on this site is provided for lawful purposes only.
None of the information on this site may be copied, distributed or
transmitted in any way for commercial use without the express written
consent of Zenith. Zenith reserves full ownership of and intellectual
property rights in any materials downloaded from this site.

Submissions
-----------

Zenith does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information
from you through our website. Please note that any information or
material sent to Zenith will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By
sending Zenith any information or materials, you grant Zenith an
unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform,
modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information in any
media now or hereinafter existing, and you also agree that Zenith is
free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us
for any purpose.

Disclaimer of Warranty / Limitation of Liability
------------------------------------------------

INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
OF NONINFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSION OF
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO
EVENT WILL ZENITH BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE
OF THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, ZENITHâ€™S
LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO $100.00.

Third Party Websites
--------------------

Certain links on this website link to third party websites outside the
of Zenith. Zenith is not responsible for and disclaims all liability
with respect the content of any linked site or any link contained in a
linked site and makes no representations or warranties with respect to
such third party sites.. The inclusion of any link in this website does
not imply an endorsement by Zenith of any third party site or the
information contained therein.

General
-------

This website may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Zenith
does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials herein or
the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information
displayed or distributed through this website. You acknowledge that any
reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, or information shall be
at your sole risk. Zenith reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. Zenith may
make changes to this website, at any time without notice. This Agreement
operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of
this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is
deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining provisions. THIS WEBSITE AND YOUR
USE THEREOF SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW
PROVISIONS. YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE
COURTS LOCATED IN NEW JERSEY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF YOUR
USE OF THIS WEBSITE. YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LITIGATION (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS,
CROSS-CLAIMS, OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD
HARMLESS ZENITH ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, SUBCONTRACTORS AND OTHER
PARTNERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES,
HARMLESS FROM ANY LOSS, LIABILITY, CLAIM, OR DEMAND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, MADE BY ANY THIRD PARTY DUE TO
OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, YOUR BREACH OF THIS
AGREEMENT, YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANOTHER OR ANY CONTENT THAT
YOU POST OR OTHERWISE SUBMIT ON, THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
WEBSITE.

If you have any questions about these terms of use, please contact us at
info@connectsdk.com.
